Update content (#4)
learn-co-curriculum/phase-1-filtering-arrays: README.md

learn about in this section are _expressive_. As soon as we (or other
developers) see that `filter()` is being called, we know that the code is
looking for elements in an array that meet a certain condition and returning a
new array containing those elements. Or if we see that `map()` is being called,

> we immediately know that the code is modifying each of the elements in an array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we immediately know that the code is modifying each element in an array
```
